capital = 439

oob = "RAJ_1910"
set_cosmetic_tag = RAJ_UK

set_technology = {

	# Train
	ww1_train = 1

	light_field_gun1 = 1	 
	heavy_field_gun1 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	ww1_destroyer0 = 1
	ww1_destroyer0_mtg = 1
	ww1_destroyer1 = 1
	ww1_destroyer1_mtg = 1
	 
	ww1_light_cruiser1 = 1
	ww1_light_cruiser1_mtg = 1
	ww1_light_cruiser0 = 1
	ww1_light_cruiser0_mtg = 1

	ww1_battleship0 = 1
	ww1_battleship0_mtg = 1
	ww1_battleship1 = 1
	ww1_battleship1_mtg = 1

	transport = 1
	transport_mtg = 1
	ww1_submarine1 = 1
	ww1_submarine1_mtg = 1 ww1_coastal_submarine1=1
	ww1_submarine2=1 ww1_coastal_submarine2=1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
}

set_politics = {
    ruling_party = neutrality
    last_election = "1910.1.1"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
    democratic = 17
    fascism = 2
    communism = 1
    neutrality = 80
}

set_stability = 0.45
set_convoys = 20


# LEADERS
recruit_character = RAJ_earl_of_minto

# GENERALS
recruit_character = RAJ_reginald_dyer
recruit_character = RAJ_arthur_barrett

# ADVISORS
recruit_character = RAJ_alexander_campbell
recruit_character = RAJ_percy_campbell
recruit_character = RAJ_bernard_havelock
recruit_character = RAJ_john_edward_golightly
recruit_character = RAJ_w_h_gould_bradford
recruit_character = RAJ_william_e_parry
recruit_character = RAJ_mohan_singh
recruit_character = RAJ_chakravarti_rajagopalachari
recruit_character = RAJ_mehar_singh
recruit_character = RAJ_reginald_savory
recruit_character = RAJ_bruce_w_mcpherson
recruit_character = RAJ_aspy_merwan_engineer
recruit_character = RAJ_arjan_singh_vibhusan
recruit_character = RAJ_subroto_mukherjee
recruit_character = RAJ_arthur_a_barrett
recruit_character = RAJ_bhaskar_soman
recruit_character = RAJ_rajendra_prasad
recruit_character = RAJ_ravindra_darshan_singh
recruit_character = RAJ_ram_dass_katari
recruit_character = RAJ_archibald_wavell
recruit_character = RAJ_louis_mountbatten
recruit_character = RAJ_kodandera_cariappa
recruit_character = RAJ_ram_singh_thakur
recruit_character = RAJ_agha_khan_iii
recruit_character = RAJ_homi_j_bhabha
recruit_character = RAJ_bahadur_jayla_of_khoch_bahur
recruit_character = RAJ_sir_mohammed_iqbal
recruit_character = RAJ_anyang_bhula
recruit_character = RAJ_john_mathai

1914.1.1 = {
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Lord Hardinge of Penshurst"
		desc = RAJ_lord_hardinge_DESC
		picture = "gfx/hoi4tgw_portraits/RAJ/country_leaders/RAJ_lord_hardinge.dds"
		expire = "1935.1.1"
		ideology = despotism
		traits = {}
	}

	oob = "RAJ_1914"
}

1919.1.1 = {
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Lord Chelmsford"
		picture = "gfx/hoi4tgw_portraits/RAJ/country_leaders/RAJ_Lord_Chelmsford.dds"
		expire = "1935.1.1"
		ideology = despotism
		traits = {}
	}

	oob = "RAJ_1919"
}